During that housewives are concerned, I Sure essential items now really conscious food
I have to have sugar, but I do not like it.
What to give a little something to my mother I saw a lot of bulk bags to children's films
When it is hard to cover, it is a water, sugar, and each white tower is eaten with the defendant's
It's a replica. Oh, ah, sugar . I used to be familiar with it.
What are you doing set up these days, even the killer who kills my body?
I listen to the sound iteusijyo sugar has long lived in the water
If you want to live healthily long and healthy longer then you have a lot of sugar
Please insert it.
I do not need it. That's what matters to me. Oh, that 's it .
I knew the business.
Oh so in the past I ate 2p not the reason that these days so stressed
What is it that you put it in ?
I know too well now so I hammered a typical electronic Sugar Sugar yet
This is a natural food shipped from sugar cane or tang.
Originally it was extracted from there and processed and refined carbohydrates
is
There are a lot of people who do not know that it is a carbohydrate .
Yes, and carbon and many others, among which glucose and fructose are one to one
If you remember the 4th thing that is mixed, there are so many of them.
I'm sorry .
Oh, yeah. Now , why do you lead to sugar? Sugar is an addict.
The 4
For example, salt is a duplication of salt, which I do not know
Go slowly reducing the deokhu per day by eating. It narcissism might dream
I can cut down a lot of wood in the woods .
Even when I eat and keep reducing the food often unknowingly associated with sugar
I will eat
Oh flaw words can say and even how to look cool than ever if progress addiction
There ah ah ah
The more you eat sugar, the more sugar you lose.
As there is glucose revealed in the fact that I now director Heb.
The energy source for that brain and nerve cells is not everything else , it's glucose.
When you look at it , it seems that eating the sugar makes the prototype better,
I saw I ate so little feel-good drugs did so the bear will
That's right. When you eat a bang, your blood sugar rises.
Now it's because of glucose . When I'm all up in the sugar,
I've been promoted waenya equalize just enough r100 100 or less
If the insulin to go up the street to be a friend of insulin is suspended lost me
As insulin lowers blood sugar
So you 're in hypoglycemia. So, the reason I ate sugar is feeling good.
Gonna eat you try to use as an energy source is complete Lin mutual friend so cloudy outside party
And then we're letting it go again.
I fell right to stand in the blood so that the blood sugar fast foods gathered allocation
You'll find it. It's also elastic. Sugar. You find something like this. Eat it again.
Now the collision of the sugar and the argument is a match.
Ribbed ingredient per loosen it contains, such as insulin, which live in completely Ching
Insulin or minutes
Oh art, and whatever English is full
It's a lot of insulin when you are young.
Why do I think I'm a little bit difficult to come out with a lot of the artists
Parents after a sharp induction
It gets caught in an adult island, and marshmallow
Now the pancreas is very difficult, and the vagina gets into the diabetes .
We see aging as a stage of inflammation .
By that sugar, that cell of our body will now have a membrane .
The new array is dead. The fascia causes protein glycosylation.
So that's what's going to change, so the function of the cells in our body
I'm falling.
So, it 's a good idea.
What you did not even look that the sugar preparation
But now I thought I should have been more careful as I pointed it at the main place
To
No I'm not Dr. nimdeul we knew bar table set're so bad
So try out during'll now have not just now say sugar
When you eat, you feel better and you feel more excited.
But those who do not know, those who have a lot of tongue,
seams like
Oh, you say you eat sugar eat kkotdaji dressed serotonin in the body
I am.
The secretion of serotonin feel so good, then continue reminiscing sweetness eat rattling
Sweet will be buying Yes So when you feel good tips on each stam past
I had to eat a lot of sweetness.
If the sweetness you think any problem is to suppress anxiety becomes irritated as next
Violence is less focused.
It's called Sugar Coast Depression .
Oh, well, I guess I'm going to forget about it . Why not? It's insulin.
Actually, we lower the blood sugar and keep our body.
If you look at it later, you will develop resistance to insulin.
Saenggimyeon John Gartner of the sol of both lift the bottles Korean horrible examples later
It is about twice as bad as cancer or bad disease.
5 is not easy to think sugar
It's been a while since I started changing my age.
Not yet.
Going places these days sometimes sell ppokppokyi quality Oh, I'm standing there knowing Line
So that's why we
For me that's plow did not put up one or two dogs life on each librarian
But we already have a very addictive joint venture
Oligo
5 ah